I mounted a colonial say I was here a
few days ago I got here the day it was
plowed and unfortunately I forgot my
camera I made Juke only finds both good
points but one is a really really good
point and I'll show you some pics at the
end of the video for maybe I'll plug
them in here I don't know but it's my
oldest u.s. coin I'll tell you that I've
been here about a couple minutes and I'm
gonna film everything today that's my
first signal half a Tom back but All
Right see what else we can find
all right I'm running a modified days
fast program and I was just working
along this you see it's an indentation
that's tired right right here and I was
getting the mid-80s 82 83 and I just dug
down probably six seven inches and it
looks at the copper
I can see a bust on there this one looks
like it's a nice condition it's a
British copper
alright I'll clean up but I get home
well you know what it is
you
all right I was just getting a little
tone I see it's it's a pretty good size
is probably gonna be a Tom bag I just
made a good find and this one is writing
on it's a cuff button looks like a
design it's pretty wore you see that
writing along and I can't tell what it
says all right we'll see what else we
find
you
I need to go pointer a button here
pretty good it's a bunt
okay moving on to this old house here
and I've just dug my second or third
hole first signal was an old junk ring
and I think I got a copper
oh it's been holed or what what looks at
the copper oh no it's uh military collar
brass green you down here in the hole I
know it's gonna be a button or a coin or
yeah it's thick it's gonna be a coin or
a token or something looks pretty
toasted it's probably gonna be an Indian
no no try to clean it up when I get home
brother day just made a really good
cologne you'll find get a nice shoe
buckle frame ok brother Dan just came
over he's get one of these buckles not
sure the exact time period
some people believe their colonial
others did not and we're finding
colonial stuff right now I mean he just
found that shoe buckle and I just found
this button I mean this button was down
deed it's also colonial all right see if
we can find anything else stuck another
Indian I just got another Indian and
brother Dan just got the majority of a
mechanical pencil silver try to get that
one on video I don't know if he's put in
the car yet I think I got another Indian
it's bigger but it's also thinner they
might have hammered on it done something
to it or maybe it's a token here's my
brother's a silver mechanical pencil
piece and he thought he had a button but
turns out the hold Indian looks like
they punched a hole in with a square now
you